Minimum Distance Operator (#482)
BerkeleyLearnVerify/Scenic: docs/reference/operators.rst

-------------------------------------
The distance to the given position from ego (or the position provided with the optional from vector)

.. _minimum distance [from {Object}] to {Object}:
.. _minimum distance from:

minimum distance [from *Object*] to *Object*
--------------------------------------------

> The minimum distance to the given Object from ego (or the Object provided with the optional from Object). Unlike :ref:`distance from`, this operator takes into account the Objects' shapes, sizes, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum distance to the given Object from ego (or the Object provided with the optional :scenic:`from {Object}`). Unlike :ref:`distance from`, which computes the distance between the :prop:`position` of the objects, this operator takes into account the objects' :prop:`shape` and dimensions.
```
